Initial workflow for attackerkb vulnerabilities from microsoft teams (#196)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Lookup_Exploit_with_AttackerKB_from_Microsoft_Teams/help.md

# Description

Lookup an AttackerKB exploit to receive exploit details, including a description, exploit references, vulnerable software versions, attacker value, and exploitability score from Microsoft Teams.

Sample Trigger Commands:

> `!vuln-check CVE-2020-0674`

Reviewer: should be !lookup-vuln

# Key Features

* Lookup vulnerability exploit information from Microsoft Teams
* Find all vulnerabilities that match a search term

> * Get description, disclosure date, attack vector, and vulnerable software versions in an easy to consume Slack message
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Get description, disclosure date, attack vector, and vulnerable software versions in an easy to consume Microsoft Teams message

```

# Documentation

## Setup

Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

Once the workflow has been imported, **each Microsoft Teams step will need the team name and channel name updated to suit your Teams environment!** Edit the input with the preset text of `Dream Team` and `change_me` in each Teams step in the workflow. The following steps will need to be updated in this workflow:
* `!lookup-vuln Trigger`
* `Searching Notification`
* `Vuln Not Found`
* `Multiple Results Notification`
* `Post Results to Teams`
* `Post Results to Teams (multiple results)`

After updating the steps with your Microsoft Teams configuration, activate the workflow in order to trigger it.

## Usage

*This workflow will only trigger in the channel specified in the Microsoft Teams workflow steps.*

To run the workflow, in the channel you are monitoring send a message to Insight Connect using `!lookup-vuln <search term>`.

For example:

> * `!vuln-check CVE-2020-0674`

Reviewer: should be !lookup-vuln
